there's a company in japan
that's been dumping their toxic waste
into the sea
the people need help we need global
attention
we need you i'm the greatest
photographer that life
magazine has ever had but you are you're
the single most impossible photographer
that life has ever had
listen to me i need the pictures genie
bring the story home
the cover-up is going to be as much of a
story as the story itself
you cannot let your emotions run the
show
why would i be
the native americans they believed that
a photograph would
literally take a piece of the subject's
song
but they can also take a piece of the
photographer's soul
[Music]
focus on the photograph you want to take
focus on what you want to say
[Applause]
[Music]
hey